My kids NFT is all about the children. We are here to help shape the next generation of strong future world leaders.
But in order to do that, nowadays, it requires education into blockchain technology, Web 3, artificial intelligence, robotics, coding, 3-D printing, and all of the other aspects in this new space.

  Therefore My Kids NFT wants to host a yearly Summer Camp.  A place where we can help children learn more about all of the skills necessary to keep themselves employed in an ever changing new landscape.

This can include but not limited to: Coding activities, Art with NFTs, Robotics experiments, AI workshops, introduction to blockchain technology and so much more! These are easy courses for the average person immersed in the space to put together, and there are many free resources already available. The camp will enrich kids' education  and experience, while serving as a learning experience for volunteers as well. Adults with knowledge can mentor,  and those without can help the kids, coordinate activities, and provide organizational skills.

Let's help these children build our future. While also having fun. Many of the companies, in the Web 3 space already, probably feel the exact same way, and I know that it will be very easy to get mentoring, sponsorship, and collaborations from many of them.  Especially considering it is an opportunity for start UPS and more established companies to get their name in front of a whole new  Generation of users.

It is not something complex or out of our power. It is actually quite easy to accomplish. We will begin by giving 60% of all  Generated funds from the sale of our NFTs towards helping children acquire Web 3 skills. This includes but is not limited to our summer camp. We want to make a difference.

This  Camp will serve a dual purpose. It addresses "Summer Hunger." During the summer break many children go hungry. And suffer more abuse. Many of the meals including breakfast and lunch are sometimes provided by their schools. When these meals are no longer available these children go hungry during the summer. It is very difficult especially in this sluggish economy for people to provide for their families. By giving them a place to come to have fun, and enjoy a nutritious, meal we are making a big difference in their lives. It is also a much needed break for stressed parents that sometimes don't get to work because of their children being home from school. Thus sometimes making it an even more volatile home environment.

There are so many reasons why this summer camp would be an amazing way for children to benefit, and adults to come together and spread some love and education. Our team is International, so we can actually coordinate events in multiple countries, to benefit even more families. Plus, we don't have to stop there! We can continue to grow through Series of NFT drops, and make My Kids NFT  A blessing for many generations to come.

Our Genesis Collection of 5k Hybrid NFTs are priced at roughly $40 USD. Or low enough for most people, from all walks of life, worldwide to afford. It is actually less than the average price for a family of 4 to eat at McDonald's.  We did this strategically so that all children can be included in this community.

Help us make a difference.  VOTE for our team, and give a boost to get started in a project headed in the right direction.
